Update document-level-security.md (#8375)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security/access-control/document-level-security.md

![Document- and field-level security screen in OpenSearch Dashboards]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/security-dls.png)

> > Note that the maximum size for the document-level security configuration is 1024 KB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum size for the document-level security configuration is 1024 KB (1048404 characters). 
{: .warning}
```
